Aunt Wang Yu
I came here mainly to inform you
My love affair with Aiyu
Mr. Xiao Jiang
That can't be true, can it?
What he said is true
Xiaoyu
You don't know what kind of person Chen Ling is
Did he seduce the future?
I know.
Didn't you also seduce the future?
Auntie, your close girl has a rich one at least
Wukong Kong
Aren't you happy for me?
Chen Lin
Come with me.
You little girl
Dare to hook up with Jiang Yu
Can't this dear?
But Yu and I have no parents
Who said she had nothing?
I wouldn't agree to it anyway.
It's your dad's ex-wife
He went to sleep with your marriage
Nature lets me prove it.
Why are you treating me?
It's you
I'd like to see if you can still guard Lin's
How dare you speak to me like that
I just don't get it.
Did so many bad things
How can you justifiably call Xu Ran?
Say what?
Check your phone for yourself
How nice it would be to die for snacks and dogs
You can marry me
You said that if this video is watched by others
What can be done?
Brother
Although I don't know where you got this video from
But he can't explain
If you really have any substantive evidence
Go to the police early
Instead of sitting here and threatening me
That net appointment aunt
Better to pray for the bad things you've done
Flawless handling
But don't let me find any evidence
The residue is what you forced me to do
Arrange it for me.
Don't ruin Chen Lin